board: st: enhance zephyr console support (#73330)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/st/sensortile_box_pro/doc/index.rst

There are two possible options for Zephyr console output:

- through USB as USB CDC/ACM class. This is the default case present in the board dts file

>   and enabled thanks :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOARD_SERIAL_BACKEND_CDC_ACM`.

Reviewer: Please fix wording
```suggestion
  and is enabled by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOARD_SERIAL_BACKEND_CDC_ACM`.
```

or reword to something like
```
- through USB as USB CDC/ACM class. This is the default configuration and is enabled by <Kconfig option>
```

.. code-block:: dts
   :caption: boards/st/sensortile_box_pro/sensortile_box_pro.dts

   / {
       chosen {
          zephyr,console = &cdc_acm_uart0;
        };
     };

     &zephyr_udc0 {
        cdc_acm_uart0: cdc_acm_uart0 {
                compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
        };
     };

- through UART4 which is available on SWD connector (JP2). In this case a JTAG adapter
  can be used to connect SensorTile.box PRO and have both SWD and console lines available.

>   To enable console and shell over UART.

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
  To enable console and shell over UART:
```

>   - in your prj.conf overwrite the configuration :code:`CONFIG_BOARD_SERIAL_BACKEND_CDC_ACM=n`

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
  - in your prj.conf, override the board's default configuration by setting :code:`CONFIG_BOARD_SERIAL_BACKEND_CDC_ACM=n`
```

>   - add an overlayfile named ``<board>.overlay``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - add an overlay file named ``<board>.overlay``:
```
Minor typo. Both modifications are needed to enable serial console, right?
FInal question: I have seen some applications which disable https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/kconfig.html#CONFIG_USB_DEVICE_INITIALIZE_AT_BOOT, in order to disable default USB usage (typically for console) and add their own USB configuration.
For example: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/blob/0781caf408459dfd6c91477cedb62a43912a8c51/samples/bluetooth/hci_usb/prj.conf
I guess, this is working also with your modifications.
